server upgrade/install
	servercheck
		need to go over db upgrade check and process
	upgrade process
		create "needs update" overlay to refresh page and load servercheck when upgrades are needed.
		check for updates (phone home) every 24 hours?  this will also perform auth check for registered instances
		when to phone home and check for updates/license
			what calls this?
			display update to users (notification?)
	install process
		server setup
			move servercheck?
			complete serverinstall with servercheck db upgrade part in includes per version
		first time configure:
			steps to complete setup like dropbox.. check off when done..  
				add room
				group room
				apps if needed
				userlist
			how to use popup for first time user log in(mark in userpref/settings table)..  transparent overlay with arrows and comments for various sections... should be available again from users individual settings area


settings refactor:
	ready for testing
		settings-section.php -- pull more global scope variables to top of page (may be complete)
		saving info and refreshing saved div
			need to check saving function now that tables have been changed
	dropdown for http://--https:// for required options
	add ip2wan options for those that have iplan/wan options
	make several levels of "admin" some should have access to everything except users, etc
		import/export db, restrict to super admin and remove "about" settings page
		the about page should have current CCversion and DBversion as well as current live available update version
	change user picture naming scheme so there are no collisions
	add user picture when logged in to menu
	screen resize function doesnt work for settings page
	enable/disable function for addons in each room
	update/disable/enable addons plus import/export addons
	
	

settings - per user (preferences)
	ready for testing:
		make sure that the user can only set preferences for themselves.. or make an admin sub option		
	choose how to display time..  24h vs 12h am/pm
	create preferences_options_allowed table
		this can hold all the options for dropdown menus or acceptable options for user preferences (can have something similar for general settings if needed)


user sessions
	see what info can be pulled from individual sessions and kept in the db..
		playstate for each room
		alive for each room
	create user_connected table in db and keep track of live sessions..
		should have userid, device info, last connection time  (be trimmed at some point?)
			each userid from the same device will update the connection time field..  a userid with a new device will create a new entry.
		last page reload or use of cron to set recent timestamp so users can be sorted by online vs offline
		eventually, can create fields for users, ie: lunch, break, meeting, back in x minutes or back at x time
	see notifications - marking for users status, online/offline/break/etc
		color ball (green/yellow/red) then user name followed by (online) or (break) or (offline) etc.
		

notifications
	include username/user picture when alert sent from person
	create/edit/markread for alerts should be put in a class so alerts can be created like/with logs
	need to limit total notifications shown.  maybe 10/20 with a load more function 
		http://www.umair.io/how-to-create-news-feed-like-facebook-with-php-and-jquery/	
	notifications for updates or other system changes
	see modal tabs here.  tab for inbox, read, sent
		possible tab just for ongoing group chat, available to all?  time to keep?  export of discussion?
	check groups for sending.  need to be able to send to custom groups..  maybe room groups(will need to name)?
	classify..  look into reload for new items


modal
	create tabbed layout
		tabs only show if multiple tabs are needed
		can add tabs on the fly with an addtab content load into an already opened modal
			maybe each time modal is called, it creates a tab for the option..  dont destroy tabs on modal close..
	update css for modal. currently is nowplaying.css..  needs to be changed to modal.css and all moved into that		
	

functions.php
	sanitize input/strip special characters
		need to identify all areas that require sanitized input
			login (password)
				login username needs to be checked for sql injection (needs to be letter/number only, no special character.  this needs to be checked when creating user names as well)
			alerts
			password reset
			any get/post variables?  or atleast make sure the script fails if they are not expected
			settings?  this is only used by admins, may not need here, or atleast implement last


auth.php -- updated need to test.
	need to figure out better way then checking for if $authsecured is set..  it doesnt get set for users with no passwords
	

main links dropdown (upper right and left)
	make the overlay function better
	better way to do this?


addons:
	xbmc/kodi optimize (started)
		create search for connected devices for each addon.  this can find kodi clients on the network to add to new rooms?  maybe from room area,  maybe this can be in the addons class
	addons.php optimize  --> load to db? or keep as php scan file tree?  classify
	new addons:
		avr
		zoneminder
	create controller page that replaces connecting to xbmc control page (maybe tabbed modal?)
		this will pull items from addons within a room for various control features
		add function to assign addon for control functions
			set vol control to send through thisroom > avr.addon
			interface control to send through thisroom > mediaplayer.addon
			figure out OOP way of doing this?
			styling
				http://www.avsforum.com/forum/93-remote-control-area/1503480-quick-irule-review-few-pics-those-thinking-about.html
				http://forum.kodi.tv/showthread.php?tid=208371
	screen for device on but app not responding (orange) like the wol screen

	
logging:
	settings page
		password or any important value change
	alerts
	servercheck logging
	what page they load from upper left menu
	add more verbose logging for debug.  debug log at all exit points for script to know when it completes and how each script completes.
		debug: beginning and each end point for every script
	ccmaster logging




////
total project things:

forum setup
	areas for general/admin users
	wiki for faq
	
crowdfunding
	requirements for posting
	about us
	about the product
	
	
	

	
software first
15 - lifetime license when software gets released
50 - beta access and lifetime license when software released
200 - limited to 20 cuboxes 



extended milestone or second kickstarter starting associated hardware
40 - rpi sheild for network bridge
	
	